``
RECORDS OF THE PURPOSE OF EACH FUNCTION/PROJECT IN THIS DIRECTORY
``

The file 0-putchar.c is a C program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.

The program should return 0

The file 1-alphabet.c is a C function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

Prototype: void print_alphabet(void);
You can only use _putchar twice in your code

The file 2-print_alphabet_x10.c is a C function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

Prototype: void print_alphabet_x10(void);
You can only use _putchar twice in your code

The file 3-islower.c is a C function that checks for lowercase character.

Prototype: int _islower(int c);
Returns 1 if c is lowercase
Returns 0 otherwise

The file 4-isalpha.c is a C function that checks for alphabetic character.

Prototype: int _isalpha(int c);
Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase
Returns 0 otherwise

The file 5-sign.c is a C  function that prints the sign of a number.

Prototype: int print_sign(int n);
Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero
Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero
Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero

The file 6-abs.c is a C function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

Prototype: int _abs(int);

The file 7-last_digit.c is a C function that prints the last digit of a number.

Prototype: int print_last_digit(int);
Returns the value of the last digit

The file 8-24_hours.c is a C function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

Prototype: void jack_bauer(void);

The file 9-times_table.c is a C function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

Prototype: void times_table(void);
Format: see example

The file 10-add.c is a C function that adds two integers and returns the result.

Prototype: int add(int, int);

The file 11-print_to_98.c is a C function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

Prototype: void print_to_98(int n);
Numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space
Numbers should be printed in order
The first printed number should be the number passed to your function
The last printed number should be 98
You are allowed to use the standard library


The file 100-times_table.c is a C function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

Prototype: void print_times_table(int n);
If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function should not print anything
Format: see example

The file 101-natural.c is a C program to compute all the multiples of 3 and 5 below 1034 excluded and prints them followed by a new line.

The file 102-fibonacci.c is a C program that prints the first 50 fibonacci numbers starting from 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
The numbers must be separated by comman, followed by a space ,
You are allowed to use the standard library


The file 103-fibonacci.c is a C program that prints the sum generated by all terms in the fibonacci sequence that are even and are not greater than 4 000 000. Starting from 1 and 2.

The file 104-fibonacci.c is a C program that prints the first 98 fibonacci terms

